I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL.
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town- lots of people, little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector, etc.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
Sad very SAD.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless!
Great laptop that offers many great features!
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
Still pretty pricey, but I've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund, and finally got to use it.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work.
I HATE this one.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.
Oh, boy!
But while this is one big advantage (as you may know from the company s recent commercials) there are other things to consider before going with Apple.
I love the way the entire suite of software works together.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
on the bright side at least I wasn't without my laptop for long this time!
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
That's how frustrating it was.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
I can't even turn it off.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
I shopped around before buying.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
Would do business again.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
What a waste.
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat.
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed.
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel.
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
:) In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
They were great in handling this problem, and I'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future.
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future.
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.
It cannot save the correct date and time I set.
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
And this isn't just my one experine.
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
-they lost my laptop for a month
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
This is my second laptop,and it is head and shoulders above my first.
at first!
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems.
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I can't imagine ever going back.
The keyboard is too slick.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
I LOVE IT!
Amazing Quality!
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one.
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now, maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer.
*2 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Called headquarters, they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is "on the top of the stack".
This machine delivers.
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.
I complain again...
This laptop is insane!!!
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
